docs: expand guidance on troubleshooting validation failures in production (#13443)
pydantic/pydantic: docs/concepts/experimental.md

Partial validation is particularly helpful when processing the output of an LLM, where the model streams structured responses, and you may wish to begin validating the stream while you're still receiving data (e.g. to show partial data to users).

Streaming pipelines like this can be fiddly to debug after the fact. If you run one in production,

> [Logfire](../integrations/logfire.md) records each validation in the context of the surrounding request,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Logfire](../integrations/logfire.md) can record each validation in the context of the surrounding request,
```
?
